so we just saw as we have this long
track there's a world record being towed
behind a vehicle of 94 kilometers an
hour and this man here who piece did
everything for us as she has a nice
Misha B she evil and we thought we'd
give it a go there's a bit we did a test
there's a lot of spray out the back so
you don't know how it's gonna go I might
have to let go but you know what that's
why we're here we might as well give it
give it a go and see what happens really
why not let's go
Wow sure it well the 90 I we going down
that was crazy could be one day I'm
doing it what how fast one on the record
was 94 comes as an hour I we justed 111
konsa now sorry trusted why not only
days you're sleeping well yeah okay
thank you this is a guinness world
record as well right on right you know
where you get you might as well you
think of an idea we literally just came
up with us today he came in his car and
we like that that looks like a car we
could go faster in yeah answer like as
well Rocco let's try to beat it done